Conflict is something we subconsciously navigate daily with relative success - whether working through disagreements with friends or collaborating on a project with a difficult co-worker. However, we rarely consciously think about what our specific tactics are in conflict, what it even is, and what options we have when it doesn't go to plan. When we do - its often already escalated into a difficult and tense space. While I am not a professional mediator, I do have a degree in Conflict Resolution and love working with groups to think *proactively* about how we navigate conflict, the tools we have available when it goes wrong, and how to construct and environment that sets us up for positive transformations when conflict occurs. 

I have facilitated short one-day workshops with university groups and non-profits exploring exactly these topics - and I would love to work with you. I think strengthening our collective conflict skills is essential and I am happy to facilitate on a sliding scale - especially for grassroots and activist organizations. Below you can find a short description of the workshops I am currently offering. Please contact me if you are interested in one of these workshops or something specific!

- **Transforming Conflict: Navigating power, relationships, and conflict**
  This introductory and participatory workshop explores some definitions of conflict and its relationship to power. It covers several foundational communication skills and common approaches to conflict. Finally, through group activities, participants have a chance to practice and reflect. *This workshop is heavily indebted to Dr. Jodi Dueck-Read with whom I started facilitating these session.* 

